what someone has made a decision to come
to Korea and teach English as a Second
Language the challenge then becomes
finding a good job now for most
individuals it means selecting one of
two options teaching in public schools
or teaching in a private Academy each
has its own pros and cons now briefly
discuss them here now public schools are
located throughout Korea and many
programs have been created to recruit
teachers from abroad and teach in these
schools the hours typically are during
the day and they usually offer you a
settlement allowance and some great
vacation time normally three or more
weeks per year however the downside is
that the salary sometimes are a little
bit lower than our private counterparts
and that you are typically required to
desk form that means that during the
semester breaks your vacation time may
not span the entire time with schools
time session so you're asked to come to
work and have absolutely nothing to do
now private academies are all over Korea
and they're generally thought of as not
as reliable and safe as their public
school counterparts however salaries
tend to be a little bit higher and you
also have the option of choosing when
you work you can work a split shift
meaning that you work in the morning and
in the evening you can work daytime
hours you can work afternoon hours or in
my case I work in the evenings because i
like my daytime is free now you
typically only have about two weeks of
vacation per year and if you read on the
Internet many many schools tend not to
be above board and can tend to withhold
pay or pay you late it's really a hard
job to navigate the sea of private
academies the key to finding a great job
in Korea whether it's public schools or
private schools is really fine people
online who have a great experience
connect with them
how they got their job did they use a
recruiter and if so can they refer you
to that recruiter so they can help you
get a great job also you may never know
if you ask them where they teach they
may actually have a job opening there
and you can wind up with a job offer the
very next day well this has been helpful
we'll see you next time